# aws-syndicate
Syndicate Deployment Framework enables automatic smart deployment of the application to AWS, taking into account the specific of the application. With the Syndicate Deployment framework, the team can support the necessary functionality by adding new features just when it is needed to. This dramatically differs from using standard deployment tools, such as AWS Serverless Application Model, when the team totally depends on the third-party tools updates. Thus, Syndicate Deployment Framework users do not depend on the framework provider, and can improve the tool according to changes in their application structure and user needs, immediately. The framework already has a set of specific benefits, which can be easily expended by contributors, according to their specific use cases: The interaction with AWS is performed via API (not via CloudFormation, as with AWS SAM). The framework supports all AWS serverless ecosystem services and Step Functions. The framework does not require the developers or DevOps to write large yamls - it automatically generates the configuration based on the Java annotations in the source code and then creates the resources based on this generated config. The idea was to make it like Spring for serverless. The framework is designed for enterprise systems. Currently it is used in a CI/CD pipeline to deploy 259 Lambdas, 63 Dynamo DB tables, 223 API Gateway resources and a big set of other resources related to CloudWatch, Cognito, SNS, SQS, IAM, and others.
